---
layout: post
title:  "Version 0.1.3 released"
date:   2016-04-09 00:01:03 +0000
categories: releases
---

Version 0.1.3 includes support for Google login, lots of UI fixes and improvements. See the release notes for details. To install with Docker: `docker run --link rethinkdb -p 80:80 warehaus/warehaus:v0.1.3`.

# New Features & Changes

#### Google Login

You can now turn on Google login through the site administration.

Simple click your account name on the top-right, select *Administration* and go to *Integrations*. In the *Google Login* tab you'll find the instructions for creating and configuring an app through the *Google Developers Console*. Once you copy your client ID and secret, your users will be able to login through Google.

When a user logs-in through Google, a local user is automatically created with the email prefix as the username. Users and admins can change this username later, as well as creating a password for logging-in locally in addition to logging-in through Google.

#### Labs Navigation & Dashboard

The navigation in the labs area has been completely redesigned.

When logging-in or switching to another lab, a lab dashboard shows all type objects in the lab. This dashboard will show more things in the future, such as objects owned by the current user.

Navigating to types and objects is much easier &mdash; the top navigation bar shows breadcrumbs that show the current context and allow going back up to the dashboard.

#### Server Status

Servers are now monitored to see if their agent has sent heartbeat in the last minute. Servers that fail this check are marked as offline as the agent has to send a heartbeat every 30 seconds.

#### Bug Fixes

* Fix auth-server to fail password change when no new password is given
* Fix auth-server to return cleaned user after user creation
* Fix many places in UI where an API fails but no error is shown to the user
* Fix user-attributes that override other attributes when being renamed
* Fix lab creation to check that the lab name doesn't already exist

# Upgrading

##### Upgrading From v0.1.2

If you're already running v0.1.2, you can safely upgrade without any preparations.

##### Upgrading From v0.1.1

* To upgrade from v0.1.1 please delete the `settings` table.
* Objects and users will be kept but for new features you'd have to delete existing types and recreate them through the UI.
* As LDAP is not supported in this release, you'd have to manually reset the password for existing users. If you have too many users, please wait for an LDAP-supporting release before upgrading.
