---
layout: post
title:  "Version 0.1.4 released"
date:   2016-04-25 00:01:04 +0000
categories: releases
---

Version 0.1.4 adds support for Google login *hosted domain* feature, generic objects, Linux agent and lots of performance improvements and bug fixes. See the release notes for details. To install with Docker: `docker run --link rethinkdb -p 80:80 warehaus/warehaus:v0.1.4`.

# New Features & Changes

#### Google Login Hosted Domain

If your domain is hosted on Google Apps you can configure Warehaus to only allow Google logins to come from that domain. This makes it easier for users to choose the right account and is essential if your Warehaus instance is accessible from the Internet.

You can configure the *Hosted Domain* option from the *Google Login* settings screen.

#### Linux Agent Service

The Linux agent is now also a service. The `agent.py` file contains all required headers and command-line support so in addition to doing its regular work it's also the service script for starting and stopping itself.

To use the new agent, simply re-download the `agent.py` file to your servers and install the agent as a service.

For example, on a Debian/Ubuntu server:

    # curl http://path-to-agent.py > /usr/local/bin/warehaus-agent.py
    # chmod +x /usr/local/bin/warehaus-agent.py
    # ln -s /usr/local/bin/warehaus-agent.py /etc/init.d/warehaus-agent
    # update-rc.d warehaus-agent defaults

On Centos/RedHat replace the last command with:

    # chkconfig --add warehaus-agent

Then you can start the agent with:

    # service warehaus-agent start

Also new in this version is that agent logs are written to syslog.

To test the agent and have the logs go to stdout, start the agent with the environment variable `WAREHAUS_AGENT_LOGGING=STDOUT`.

You can also run the agent with the `once` command to run one cycle and exit:

    # WAREHAUS_AGENT_LOGGING=STDOUT /usr/local/bin/warehaus-agent.py once

#### Generic Objects

Warehaus comes with two builtin object types &ndash; cluster and server &ndash; and in the future there should be more builtin types and support for custom types.

However, there are objects that just need to have their configuration stored somewhere, like an S3 bucket or a database used by automatic tests. For that, Warehaus now supported generic objects.

Generic objects are another object type that only store user-attributes as the content of the object. The configuration can be pulled with the same `config.json` format as clusters and servers have.

#### Backend Support for Events

The next release should include support for **events** such as *cluster created* and *user joined*.

Until then, the backend in this release already saves events to the database so whatever you're doing after installing 0.1.4 will be shown after you upgrade to 0.1.5.

#### Improved Performance

* Lots of missing database indexes
* Better handling with memory leaks (to be fixed in the next release) by spawning 4 workers and restarting them every 100 API calls with a variance of 50 calls
* Improved UX by moving some of the data transfer to `socket.io` instead of API calls
* Changed the object tree structure for better indexing; unfortunately this is a non-backwards compatible change

# Bug Fixes

* Fix agent heartbeat to handle long device names in fs_info
* Fix agent heartbeat to properly fail when no metadata server available
* Fix missing indexes in `object` table, performance is now significantly better
* Reduced the amount of logs written by the notification server, now only object IDs are logged

# Upgrading

##### Upgrading From v0.1.x to v0.1.4

Unfortunately this is a non-backwards compatible change. Please delete the `object` table and allow servers to recreate themselves.
